this program contains material that may
be disturbing to some viewers viewer
discretion is advised untamed and uncut
the Phillips family's vacation turns
into a nightmare when three-year-old
Elora is bitten by an angry Burmese
albino python I didn't know it even
gotta their move so fast Elora's dad is
videotaping while her mom Rosenda holds
the snake you can see in this
heart-stopping footage little Elora
reaches up dangles her tiny fingers and
in a flash the snake strikes knowing
pythons killed by constriction the owner
jerks it away from the little girl then
in a state of sheer panic little alura's
mom throws the snake to the ground the
Phillips had been assured by the snake's
owner that it didn't bite but something
about little Elora sets off the annoyed
Python she was coming up from underneath
with odel fingers and she was going
right at the snakes nose
I guess this name just thought she was
food even though the Python was acting
in self-defense the little girl must pay
a huge price for her innocent curiosity
I saw blood I didn't know how deep it
was how bad it was well I know is that
my daughter was on the floor crying and
she was hurt the Python has four rows of
needle-sharp teeth along its upper jaw
and two rows on the bottom each of the
nearly 100 teeth are made up of a
flexible cartilage like material and
curved backwards so when the snake
strikes and clamps onto a Laura pulling
her finger out only plunges the teeth in
deeper
and although the albino python is not
venomous it can carry lots of bacteria
including e.coli you can broke the skin
and they gave our nice little gash on a
later untamed and uncut only on animal